Update get-missing-kbs-machine.md (#6072)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/get-missing-kbs-machine.md

```http
GET /api/machines/{machineId}/getmissingkbs
```
## Permissions

> One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Use Microsoft Defender for Endpoint APIs](apis-intro.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following permission is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Use Microsoft Defender for Endpoint APIs](apis-intro.md).
```
